update readme (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-mvc-grid-get-selected-keys-and-pass-to-controller: Readme.md

# GridView for ASP.NET MVC - How to Get All GridView Selected Keys and Pass Them to a Controller

<!-- run online -->
**[[Run Online]](https://codecentral.devexpress.com/e20065/)**
<!-- run online end -->

> This examle demonstrates how to get all GridView selected keys and pass them to a controller.

Reviewer: What are `GridView selected keys`?

> This examle demonstrates how to get all GridView selected keys and pass them to a controller.

Author: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to get the key values of all GridView selected rows and pass them to a controller.
```

* Handle the grid's client-side [MVCxClientGridView.BeginCallback](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNetMvc/js-MVCxClientGridView.BeginCallback) event. In the handler, assign selected values to the [MVCxClientBeginCallbackEventArgs.customArgs](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNetMvc/js-MVCxClientBeginCallbackEventArgs.customArgs) argument property to pass them to the server as a request parameter. Handle the grid's [CallbackRouteValues.Action](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNetMvc/DevExpress.Web.Mvc.AutoCompleteBoxBaseSettings.CallbackRouteValues) method to get all selected field values from the `e.customArgs` property.

  ```xml
  // GridViewEditingPartial.cshtml
  @Html.DevExpress().GridView(settings => {
    ...
    settings.ClientSideEvents.BeginCallback = "OnBeginCallback";
    ...
  
  // Index.cshtml
  function OnBeginCallback(s, e) {
      e.customArgs["selectedIDs"] = selectedIDs;
  }
  ```

  ```c#
  // HomeController.cs
  public ActionResult GridViewEditingPartial() {
      string _selectedIDs = Request.Params["selectedIDs"];
      ViewData["_selectedIDs"] = _selectedIDs;
      
      return PartialView(list.GetPersons());
  }
  ```

> * On a button's `Click` event, write all selected values to a hidden input element. Get these values on any controller post action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In a button's `Click` event, write all selected values to a hidden input element, and get these values from any controller's post-action.
```
